Add attribute to <pl-multiple-choice> to pull correct and/or incorrect answers from a json file (#2733)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/elements.md

`hide-letter-keys` | boolean | false | Hide the letter keys in the answer list, i.e., (a), (b), (c), etc.
`all-of-the-above` | boolean | false | Add "All of the above" choice below all answer choices, but above "None of the above" if enabled. Bounded by `number-answers` and not affected by `fixed-order`.
`none-of-the-above` | boolean | false | Add "None of the above" choice below all answer choices regardless of `fixed-order`, and is bounded by `number-answers`.

> `external-json` | string | special | Optional [abs,rel]path to a json file that stores choices as lists under "correct" and "incorrect" attribute names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`external-json` | string | special | Optional path to a JSON file to load external answer choices from.  Answer choices are stored as lists under "correct" and "incorrect" key names.
```

`external-json-correct` | string | special | Optionally override default json "correct" attribute name when using `external-json` file.

> `external-json-incorrect` | string | special | Optionally override default json "incorrect" attribute name when using `external-json` file.

Reviewer: Can we instead name these `external-json-correct-key` and `external-json-incorrect-key` so it's more obvious from a glance what they are?

Author: Updated 👍
